everybody welcome back there on the line
please abiding by see a trick plus in
case you couldn't tell still a little
bit under the weather unfortunately but
but life goes on one way or the other
unfortunately we did die on ultra hard
last time which was extremely annoying
and and pretty much due to my own idiocy
but at the same time that doesn't mean I
can't be a little upset about it anyway
this time we have the pong challenge
which is actually one of the easier ones
like throughout the entire existence of
the game I think just Joker card right
now why not add a little excitement by
taking nine lives early um I say it's
one of the easier ones because you start
with a hundred damage which is like
possibly the highest no that's not true
now that I think about it I have seen
that like cheap engined videos where you
can get into it I think like then the
millions on damage but I only saw that
one time I think this is like a a
Spanish youtuber who did it
you know those Spanish youtubers they're
always pushing the envelope I don't
really know what I'm talking about
basically um our rate of fire of course
is 150 which is garbage but it doesn't
really matter cuz our shot kills
everything in one hit and also bounces
around like crazy so I'm not actually
sure if we conceivably oh come on rocks
are like our worst enemy right now oh
wow well in that case I'm not sure if we
can raise our rate of fire functionally
enough to have it like no longer be a
big deal but we'll find out I can't
shoot yet can't shoot yet please enemies
the chases are gonna be a problem but
yeah either way I apologize you know I
it impacts your your listening
experience for my voice to be like a
little congested but I'm uh I'm a
believer that to some extent the show
must go on
people tell you to rest when you're sick
and I think that there's there's many
valuable reasons for that one of which
is you don't want to overexert yourself
another one is you don't want to go to
your job and get other people infected
luckily I work from home
and the only person I'm liable to infect
with any kind of common cold virus would
be my wife and I'll tell you a little
secret of marriage is that you just you
see someone gets sick one of the two in
the in the couple gets sick and you just
you know you're like there but for the
grace of God go I I can't believe I
ruined my deal with the devil chance by
walking into those oh my okay okay you
can't criticize my Isaac play I'm sick
but ya didn't no I'm not saying that
what I do by the way is not work and
that you know doing something else would
not be restful I'm just saying to some
extent the show must go on and I I value
a kind of routine here plus some I'm
like I'm on the up and up oh my Lanta
dude like I'm on the upswing of getting
better and I'm like yeah okay I'm good
to go I think at least let's see what we
got in here
uh do we actually I can't believe I used
the Sun card to deal damage when one
shot probably would have killed either
enemy instead I have a 1% deal with the
devil chance because I was acting like
an idiot there are no item rooms which
is what I was gonna ask so what I am
gonna do is go to the curse room to try
to get this copy dream going cuz if we
can get flies that deal 200 damage each
like we're in heaven we're also gonna
teleport out of here to the shop anyway
and we probably won't be able to buy
anything but we might get a little lucky
you never know so yeah and as I always
tell you I sound worse than I am
nothing there really gets me here we
should go to the secret room first
i I sound worse than I am I don't feel
like a hundred percent but I I there's
there's people on earth more deserving
of your of your sympathy I would suggest
what just now sounds like I'm trying to
tough it out and that's not really the
case please let me just slip in my pili
heart voice here okay
second secret room
this pill gives us Guppies head no what
makes you larger pretty fly very good
range down largely irrelevant and at the
way the tears up did nothing so I think
that we're actually add like a static to
your level that we can't affect
unfortunately it will pop this over you
know what let's use one make one makes
you larger why not and then the reason
why not is obvious but there's also like
I'm trying to explore the benefit of
possibly using the the one makes you
larger transformation forget what it's
called but that doesn't mean I don't
know the sound it makes when it takes an
enemy's life you know and also like to
see what if he got like pupula duplex I
mean are shots twice as large you know
in all likelihood I'll probably only
have one crack at the at the King here
so I would like to experiment with some
of the more strange options I actually
would also love to get some bombs
because our shot is too wide I think to
easily fit into a lot of those
situations and I'm not gonna turn on my
nose at spirit hearts either there's a
lesson in Avril Lavigne's magnum opus
skater boy Oh their friends turned up
their nose cuz they had a problem with
his baggy clothes for shame 13 year olds
you didn't like him because he wore
baggy clothes by the way that song about
being counterculture went to number one
in like 18 countries but that's okay um
I think we just ignore this for now I
want more money that was a masterstroke
rape there but we can't really use our
money to reroll the donation machine
safely here I think so except the range
upgrade which probably does nothing now
we're cooking with gas pardon me I mean
thinking about it logically I don't
think we really need more damage so I
think the way I'm gonna do it is
actually like this why like that well I
actually did want more speed and then if
you're going to take the
if you're gonna take ceremonial robes I
think it makes sense to take it last we
can do it we did not do it just run just
run just run okay we made it out at
least we can by spirit hearts then
reroll the machine and get more spirit
hearts and then probably be fine again
we shouldn't have anything to worry
about at least to a large degree here we
should try to be cool cuz you never know
when when things could like completely
go wrong three room is all consumables
so I probably should not have rear old
those bombs even though it ended up
looking out okay
we will moon card get some more bombs
we've already been to the shop you think
we can on that it rerolls all the
consumables on the floor so I'm done
because I could have probably gotten
that spirit heart if we'd played our
cards right so let's use a bomb here and
I will take champion belt just to see it
does nothing okay so that was probably a
big waste a waste fellow we could have
gotten diplopia instead but you know
what mistakes exist to be made which is
an expression that I just made up and
might sound deep until you think about
it for like more than 10 seconds it's
like a rules are made to be broken sort
of things actually I didn't understand
the the poetic mists of the expression
rules are made to be broken I always
thought that was just bad justification
for you know behaving poorly like a boys
will be boys sort of thing my son you
know crashed his bicycle into the moon
why are you just quoting the plot him et
filtered through 13 years of having
never seen it but actually it's kind of
genius right rules are made to be broken
because if you never made the rule it
couldn't have been broken in the first
place rules are made to be broken it's
kind of a an ingenious saying now is it
used predominantly for justification
most rules are not made to be broken and
I think I've had this bit on the show
before even where I took like the
opposite position but if I make a rule
that's like hey don't drink and drive
that's not really well you made the
rules so now we got to break the rule
but
I guess by definition you can't make a
rule without creating the possibility of
it being bro you get what I mean like
it's kind of it's it's mildly
interesting to think about at best but
I'm still milking it here for some time
okay because my brains not working that
well today I'm genuinely trying I woke
up today I felt pretty good it's one of
those things you know with you when you
work with your voice you don't actually
know how you feel until you can hear
yourself so I woke up and I was like got
10 or 11 hours of sleep last night
that's the kind of rest you need when
you're feeling a little under the
weather
thought I felt pretty good and then Kate
was like how are you feeling and I was
like oh pretty good
like I sounded like I was a 200 year old
like I got transformed into a frog by a
witch or something like that but I feel
good nananananana I knew that I would
now a tenon and an Internet I feel good
all right P James Brown uh okay this one
goes all the way so we should be smart
but I could definitely take some deal
with the devil items we've got a ton of
HP recently don't really care about moms
underwear which i think is very
advisable I think you go Guppies paw and
goat head like there's a case to be made
and I think it you know we have so many
lives take a little bit there's a case
to be made for little brim uh and I took
it the case being made here was that
nine lives means that we can get HP back
later anyway but I think the the more
like kind of logical case is the idea of
you know we we can now choose when to
shoot sometimes if we have a tear in the
air already we can still charge another
one up the downside is if I shoot to try
to hit an enemy with little brims then I
might fire a terrible pong tear that
allows us to not hit any enemies for far
too long it works
but yeah I think this look this will go
fine we just got to be careful to not be
like a little over-aggressive on deals
with the devil but with nine lives like
if we if we create guffy it's over
because here's how the the meta will go
we'll shoot at one enemy that enemy will
die because it's getting hit for a
hundred damage it'll create a fly that
does 200 damage and then these flies
seek out enemies to kill so we're uh and
not to mention like the eternal hearts
have been out of control but we're
pretty much golden if we get one more
copy item which i think is almost the
more likely outcome now try to give this
like as straight up and down as possible
and he should be dusted you got our deal
with the devil chance at one hundred
this wouldn't be a bad one to have no
deals for and it effectively has zero so
I'm okay with that
all right I think I was lucky that I
only did like one Isaac episode
yesterday because after the ultra heart
debacle like we totally had the win and
I ruined it and it's hard for me to
accept that like I did get a bad roll of
the slot machine but it's like you know
gambling or something like that
if you gamble and lose even if you had
the odds on your side you got to accept
that you know you you made the decision
there I think I understand that like
gambling addiction is an illogical thing
but I I understand it more than you
would know because of the fact that I
always I have a gambling addiction to
pills in this game cobalt talks to me
says why do you still take pills in the
binding of issac and I say I don't know
man I'm addicted to the thrill it's kind
of not on the same level maybe as you
know they're like a pathological
addiction but even the the stakes never
get higher than they were on the last
run and I still I didn't know how to say
no so I'm hoping that you know we can
make it through this on the next one but
I think I got lucky that I only did one
yesterday cuz I was feeling like that
amazing I don't like the the mr. Meeks
excited to be honest with you cuz
otherwise I could have liked it or
tilted myself and do like another
stratosphere I think fine
find recorded like six yesterday plus by
the end I would have sounded and
probably looked like just a slightly
more seth rogen ask version of the crypt
keeper's so glad I didn't follow through
with the theological extreme there but
I'll level with you we're pretty much
you know running the clock on this one I
mean we're at a mom 11 minutes into the
run it's a very good sign for our future
should peep that got book of sin which
is like zero percent worth getting can
we might want to take a look at this
sadly not good enough cuz that you know
this is the last challenge in the list I
don't think it's the last one that we're
trying for the first time because we
have other challenges we haven't
unlocked yet but after this we'll be
doing a bit of a reset again so I would
I would like to have like a little bit
of a soft send-off to the challenges and
be like you know thanks for keeping me
busy for like just over a couple of
months here or just over one month at
least and you know don't let the door
hit you on the way out I'm a little
eager as you might expect to get back to
the the basics like Amy Winehouse style
but is that back to basics Amy Winehouse
or is back to basics Christina Aguilera
it might be Christina Jennifer Lopez for
kids and I gotta take all of their
blanks to showbiz
we're done here we're done here thank
you I think we might have been in a
tough spot on this run I mean now that
we have the ability to fly it's like a
joke but um I think we might have been
in a tough spot if we didn't get like
the world's most seemingly unlikely
quantity of eternal hearts like I think
we've had more eternal hearts show up on
this run that we've had in like our
entire history of after birth challenges
sir after birth and after birth plus and
then rebirth shout as I guess now that I
think about it still kind of a weird
weird one I'll be honest with you ponds
not like and hopefully this doesn't you
know counter what I said eight months
ago when I played it but it's not one of
my favorite challenges necessarily it's
just kind of it exists it's the
overpowered ones are kind of fun to do
but not that exciting to beat whereas
like ultra heart is not that fun to play
or speed is not that fun to play but
it's it's very exciting to to have
destroyed
hopefully we experienced that one day
and overall like if we win this
challenge I think we did okay on the
challenges there weren't too many that I
was like we got screwed we screwed
ourselves on a couple like I know we for
the memory we screwed ourselves on ultra
hard although it still would have been
tricky towards the end no doubt we
screwed ourselves on brains and I think
speed is just you except that it's
difficult so I don't think we really had
much agency over that but I'll take that
over getting like unwinnable seeds at
least if I'd if I died I did it my boy
very very good Frank Sinatra impression
there it turns out all you need is about
like 20 milligrams of mucus shoved up in
your nostril that might be actually like
a negligible amount of mucus I don't
know how much mucus ways cuz it's
attached to the cave walls of your
nostrils most of the time
stop stop thank you
I forgot about the next step set it up
open up shop we have one luck I'll take
it we got HP for the next floor anyway
we've only got one deal with the devil
remaining I think we're in a glorious
spot here and this one it's Polaroid so
it goes to the chest which is of course
great for us where do those flies come
from I did it fly away
I mean we're clearly not Guffey maybe we
killed a champion they gave us a bunch
stompy that's the transformation luck
please luck be a lady okay we're not
gonna go down that road too much I
almost feel like I should just take
every single rangedown pill we have
maybe our tear will last less long and
we can shoot faster but I worked it out
of my head and I'm like that's not how
that works that's like that's like some
badass science right there so think like
it's just they probably change the
parameter correct me if I'm wrong here
they probably set the parameters so your
rate of fire is about as long as your
tear survives on default range so I
think we would just end up walking
around a little bit more frequently
without anything showing up to hurt
enemies which would be poor pardon me by
the way I know it's unpleasant a little
bit to listen to to listen to a sick guy
talk if you got that like Florence
Nightingale sort of that should remove
our transformation screamer if you've
got that Florence Nightingale like
compulsion going on there I promise you
I feel okay it's not like a you know we
watch professional athletes go out there
and take a hit from do two weighs as
much as a freight train and we go he
deserves it you know that's what he gets
for picking this career we are going
down
feel for them don't feel for me ah look
I'll do it I should not do it it's the
perfect like mistake here nine lives and
fighting hush on a challenge not a good
idea but what do we have working in our
favor
guppies pas really good damage also
being guppy pretty positive tears down
doesn't affect us thankfully rotten baby
or it tears upgrade well I don't think
our tears upgrades are ever going to
affect us so getting the occasional fly
that does 200 damage is way more
valuable thank you for the key now you
should be really asking if I'm feeling
okay cuz I just chose to fight hotshot a
challenge in which it was optional but I
think we should be good to go I also
feel like you know with low shot speed
it's kind of bad but as long as we shoot
like straight left and right we should
be in a pretty good spot here the shots
will like a hit appropriately ideally
first phase was a joke more or less
second phase we just want to I guess hit
with little brim as much as possible get
those running baby shots in there and we
I mean I wouldn't say that we got the
the keys to the kingdom here but we
didn't get an insignificant kind of set
of upgrades there if we could only get
our flies
to actually target the right enemy this
might even be like close to the ideals
set up to fight hush considering like
his super armor should rarely activate I
hope I don't like that our shots
ricochet off the flies that's that's
doing me dirty please that was a good
shot we only get one blinding light
every time the blinding light comes in
there on the eye like the entire shot
has blinding light but when it collides
with the enemy does it only make one or
does it make like one per tick or does
it have a chance or I think it only
makes one one per enemy I should say cuz
if there were multiple enemies I think
we could get more but to be honest it's
a question better answered by someone a
little bit closer to the metal than
myself probably I know what you're
thinking NL you got a perfect nerd voice
right now I won't do it I won't do it
you know why cuz I resonate with the
Nerds there's probably plenty of jocks
who sound like I sound right now they
just got you know their nose all stuffed
up with whatever I don't even I don't
understand what gives the the nerds this
voice in popular media but the Nerds are
my people I won't insult them like that
you can be a nerd as long as you're not
a dweeb then you're cool with me
you're cool in my eyes they should say
Peter Gabriel style so mercifully this
is like an actual 10 out of 10 run we
killed hush without getting hit which is
quite rare and on top of that like
rotten baby is actually a stone-cold
killer what we must go this way and then
like down into the left
yeah Rawdon baby is gonna absolutely be
a menace here no the first time we get
hit in a hundred years and it's by a
freaking spider verus it's not okay I
would like some keys clips has told me
that they open doors push a tea just
keep it going
easiest win of my life and dude all like
you know like I've worked in our office
job I know like 2:30 on Friday rolls
around you got visions of crack and open
a cold one with the boys watching a
movie something like that I got that
right now but with like dayquil and
tomato soup like I'm gonna finish this
video I've had a can of garden vegetable
soup in my cabinet for like probably a
year and a half it's still good don't
worry
there were war rations man who's good
enough for granddad it's good enough for
me
no I'm gonna do this whole floor because
I can and because YouTube rewards you
for time watched on a channel based
level so it's really like win-win as
long as you guys enjoy watching the
content um let's go full on permanent
Polaroid here plus we can get some more
items like pyromaniac for example than
that which we can't use but still like
that can of soup is gonna be demolished
put a fight I know that it's not like
this easy but like can you just cure the
common cold already it's the stupidest
disease now there's probably people who
have the same level of education or less
as me that would tell you why what I
just said is idiotic as I will always
tell you as far as I'm concerned you can
quote me on this even if we're in a job
interview together my bachelor's degree
is like deprecated it doesn't mean as
much as it did you know the day after I
got it however I just don't understand
that we've we've cured polio but the
common cold is like still sitting there
we got like eight different kinds of
erectile dysfunction pills can't cure
the common cold cut it might seem like
it's relatively minor and I think it is
it compared to like you know a terminal
disease or something like that but
common cold costs like billions of
dollars a year in lost productivity and
that's just talking about the youtubers
yeah curse thy great item make our rate
of fire like even worse look at how long
it takes to charge this is beautiful
luckily I don't even need to shoot
anymore it's probably not that easy it's
probably not like they wanna cure the
air they have the ability to cure the
common cold they've just chosen not to
but still listen to me I'm suffering get
on it doctors you see I'm afflicted
still a flick still afflicted with you
oh dude
let's go easy win we should really wait
for our charge to be ready just in case
cuz I'm pretty sure one shot from this
will destroy him
it wasn't even close honestly but I was
worried about the teleportation green
skillet for now thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time
I don't know why I became Irish at the
end of that I apologize not for being
Irish I mean that would be very
culturally insensitive just for the the
accent like came out of it see you next
time